Sprint: Documentation (#814)
conda-forge/conda-forge.github.io: src/maintainer/adding_pkgs.rst

- Answer eventual questions about the package on the feedstock issue tracker.

Adding multiple packages at once
--------------------------------

> If you would like to add more than one related packages, they can be added to staged-recipes in a single pull request (in separate directories). If the packages are interdependent (i.e. one package being added lists one or more of the other packages being added as a requirement), conda-build will be able to locate the dependencies that are only present within staged-recipes. Using a single pull request cuts down on the work load for reviewers and allows you to quickly get packages set up without waiting for each package in a dependency chain to be reviewed, built, and added to the conda-forge channel before starting the process over with the next recipe in the chain.

Reviewer: I would argue that a single pull request increases the work load because you have to review multiple recipes at once. You should add a line that discourages this because for packages with inter-dependencies, after the feedstocks are created, the builds will fail because the dependency is missing.

Reviewer 2: @isuruf we have 6 conda-forge core members here ar SciPy working on this documentation sprint and we agreed that:

- it is easier for the reviewer and the submitter to have everything in a single PR b/c most of the packages are related and that way the same reviewer is responsible for the looking at them all;
- the race condition during the feedstock creation is a small price to pay for that and, as long as that is clear in the docs and we tell them to restart the CIs, it should be OK.

Reviewer: > the race condition during the feedstock creation is a small price to pay for that and, as long as that is clear in the docs and we tell them to restart the CIs, it should be OK.

Sure. If it's clear that the maintainer has to do that and there are clear instructions on how to do that on Azure, I'm fine.

- Answer eventual questions about the package on the feedstock issue tracker.

Adding multiple packages at once
--------------------------------

> If you would like to add more than one related packages, they can be added to staged-recipes in a single pull request (in separate directories). If the packages are interdependent (i.e. one package being added lists one or more of the other packages being added as a requirement), conda-build will be able to locate the dependencies that are only present within staged-recipes as long as the builds finish in the dependencies order. Using a single pull request cuts allows you to quickly get packages set up without waiting for each package in a dependency chain to be reviewed, built, and added to the conda-forge channel before starting the process over with the next recipe in the chain.

Reviewer: Can you split this big line into multiple lines so that we can review easily?

Author: Split in the latest commit.

.. note::

>    There will be a race condition if the packages are interdependent such that there will an error if a build finishes before its dependency is built.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   There will be a race condition if the packages are interdependent since feedstocks for all the packages are created at the same time and builds will start immediately without waiting for dependencies.
```

Reviewer: Can you all add instructions on how to restart the builds when the race condition happens?

Author: I am not familiar with that process, but if someone can give me a summary, I'm happy to add it to the docs.

Reviewer: Thanks for doing this.

Here are the instructions, https://gitter.im/conda-forge/conda-forge.github.io?at=5d23549b3b186e65696adea8

For eg: See click the red crosses or green check marks at https://github.com/conda-forge/numpy-feedstock/commits/master

Reviewer 2: Azure is a new product and the restarting button is not really working.
However, there is someone from Microsoft here working on that.

For now we have the workaround of pushing an empty commit from a new PR with:

```
git commit --amend --no-edit && git push --force
```

Author: I updated the note to suggest this command.

- Answer eventual questions about the package on the feedstock issue tracker.

Adding multiple packages at once
--------------------------------

If you would like to add more than one related packages, they can be added to 
staged-recipes in a single pull request (in separate directories). If the 
packages are interdependent (i.e. one package being added lists one or more of 

> the other packages being added as a requirement), conda-build will be able to 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the other packages being added as a requirement), the build script will be able to 
```

locate the dependencies that are only present within staged-recipes as long as 
the builds finish in the dependencies order. Using a single pull request 
allows you to quickly get packages set up without waiting for each package in a 
dependency chain to be reviewed, built, and added to the conda-forge channel 
before starting the process over with the next recipe in the chain.

.. note::

>    There will be a race condition if the packages are interdependent such that 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   When PRs with multiple interdependent recipes are merged,  
```

>    there will an error if a build finishes before its dependency is built. If

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   there may be an error if a build finishes before its dependency is built. If
```

- Answer eventual questions about the package on the feedstock issue tracker.

Adding multiple packages at once
--------------------------------

If you would like to add more than one related packages, they can be added to 
staged-recipes in a single pull request (in separate directories). If the 
packages are interdependent (i.e. one package being added lists one or more of 
the other packages being added as a requirement), conda-build will be able to 
locate the dependencies that are only present within staged-recipes as long as 
the builds finish in the dependencies order. Using a single pull request cuts 

> allows you to quickly get packages set up without waiting for each package in a 

Reviewer 4: Using a single pull request ~cuts~ allows you

Author: I fixed this typo

dependency chain to be reviewed, built, and added to the conda-forge channel 
before starting the process over with the next recipe in the chain.

.. note::

   There will be a race condition if the packages are interdependent such that 

>    there will an error if a build finishes before its dependency is built.

Reviewer 4: I agree that it would be best if we also add instruction how to resolve. Does it only require restarting failed builds in the newly generated feedstocks?

> Adding additional packages in the future

Reviewer 4: Maybe `Synchronizing fork for future use`? Github now also encourages deleting forks and reforking. Maybe we should add this as a simpler alternative?

Author: Updated

----------------------------------------

If you would like to add additional packages in the future, you will need to reset your fork of staged-recipes before creating a new branch on your fork, adding the new package directory/recipe, and creating a pull request. This step ensures you have the most recent version of the tools and configuration files contained in the staged-recipes repository and makes the pull request much easier to review. The following steps will reset your fork of staged-recipes and should be executed from within a clone of your forked staged-recipes directory.

#. Checkout your master branch

  .. code-block:: none

     git checkout master

#. Define the conda-forge/staged-recipes repository as “upstream” (if you have not already done so).

  .. code-block:: none

     git remote add upstream https://github.com/conda-forge/staged-recipes.git

#. Pull all of the upstream commits from the upstream master branch.

  .. code-block:: none

>      git pull --rebase upstream master

Reviewer 4: Is this step necessary if you reset --hard in the next step anyways?

Author: No, I forgot to remove it when I modified the steps to use rebase. I removed it.
